Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
I want to buy a car.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
The lake is a long way from here.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
We should play with legos at camp.
Hit me with your pet shark!
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The wooden spoon couldn't cut but left emotional scars.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
Greetings from the real universe.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
Jason didn't understand why his parents wouldn't let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady's bag of food.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Love is not like pizza.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Two seats were vacant.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
Hit me with your pet shark!
I covered my friend in baby oil.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
I want to buy a bike.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
We should play with legos at camp.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Please wait outside of the house.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
So long and thanks for the fish.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The father died during childbirth.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn't and they don't recommend anyone else do it either.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
There's a message for you if you look up.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause's belly.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Greetings from the real universe.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn't do something.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I want more detailed information.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.