It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Be careful with that butter knife.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
Some bathing suits just shouldn't be worn by some people.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
It was getting dark, and we weren't there yet.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
The river stole the gods.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Some bathing suits just shouldn't be worn by some people.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
Greetings from the real universe.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
There's a message for you if you look up.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
This is a Japanese doll.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle's disappearance.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
We have a lot of rain in June.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
We should play with legos at camp.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.