Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
The heat
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
I want to buy a car.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
The lake is a long way from here.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
We should play with legos at camp.
Hit me with your pet shark!
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
He drank life before spitting it out.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The wooden spoon couldn't cut but left emotional scars.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
Greetings from the real universe.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn't a good idea.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
Jason didn't understand why his parents wouldn't let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady's bag of food.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
Love is not like pizza.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Two seats were vacant.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
Hit me with your pet shark!
I covered my friend in baby oil.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
I want to buy a bike.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
We should play with legos at camp.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Please wait outside of the house.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
So long and thanks for the fish.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
The heat
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
The father died during childbirth.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn't and they don't recommend anyone else do it either.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
There's a message for you if you look up.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause's belly.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Greetings from the real universe.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn't do something.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
I want more detailed information.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He drank life before spitting it out.