It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Be careful with that butter knife.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
With the high wind warning
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
Some bathing suits just shouldn't be worn by some people.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
It was getting dark, and we weren't there yet.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
The river stole the gods.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
With the high wind warning
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Some bathing suits just shouldn't be worn by some people.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
Greetings from the real universe.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
There's a message for you if you look up.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
This is a Japanese doll.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn't see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
On each full moon
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle's disappearance.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
We have a lot of rain in June.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
We should play with legos at camp.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.