We have a lot of rain in June.
Watching the geriatric men's softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Two seats were vacant.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren't available.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
I don't respect anybody who can't tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady's bag of food.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
She was too short to see over the fence.
I don't respect anybody who can't tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The heat
He created a pig burger out of beef.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
Hit me with your pet shark!
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle's disappearance.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it's really not as bad as it sounds.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
The hawk didn't understand why the ground squirrels didn't want to be his friend.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
I want to buy a shirt.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
When she didn't like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn't be any different to what my nickname was.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The heat
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Mary plays the piano.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Not all people who wander are lost.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
There's a message for you if you look up.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
The book is in front of the table.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Love is not like pizza.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
The lake is a long way from here.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.